chore: document `startup_script` and agent log location (#3319)
coder/coder: docs/templates.md

For example, you can use the `env` property to set environment variables that will be
inherited by all child processes of the agent, including SSH sessions.

#### startup_script

> Use the Coder agent's `startup_script` to run additional commands like
> installing IDEs and clone dotfile and project repos. In this example, the
> project and dotfile repos are specified as Terraform input variables elsewhere
> in the `main.tf` Note the `&` after the `code-server` start to execute
> `code-server` process in the background so the `startup_script` can continue
> with the repo cloning steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coder agent's `startup_script` runs additional commands after the agent
establishes a connection, such as  installing IDEs, applying dotfiles, and
cloning project repos

In this example, the project and dotfile repos are specified as Terraform input variables
elsewhere in the `main.tf`. Note the `&` after the `code-server` start to execute
`code-server` process in the background so the `startup_script` can continue
with the repo cloning steps.
```

```hcl
resource "coder_agent" "coder" {
  os   = "linux"
  arch = "amd64"
  dir = "/home/coder"
  startup_script = <<EOT
#!/bin/bash

# install code-server
curl -fsSL https://code-server.dev/install.sh | sh 

> code-server --auth none --port &

Reviewer: --port is left empty. this would return an error

```
error --port requires a value
```

Here's a fix

```suggestion
code-server --auth none --port 11337 &
```

Reviewer 2: good catch, I accidentally deleted port with my 2>1& | tee stuff

# clone repo
ssh-keyscan -t rsa github.com >> ~/.ssh/known_hosts
git clone --progress git@github.com:${var.repo}

# use coder CLI to clone and install dotfiles
coder dotfiles -y ${var.dotfiles_uri}

  EOT  
}
```

#### Logging

The output of the `startup_script` are located in
`/tmp/coder-startup-script.log` within the workspace.

> The Coder agent log is located in `/tmp/coder-agent.log` within the workspace.

Reviewer: 🙌🏼  awesome you mentioned this. I do a bit lower in the document but it's good to have in this section as well.
